
What problem does your service solve?
WB3 provides competitively priced internet domain registrar, web hosting, e-mail, security, and Wordpress website services. 

Why should someone care about who you are and what you do? (Purpose)
Our purpose is to connect expert solutions for our customers so they don’t have to sacrifice precious time and resources to do it on their own. 

What is the goal/outcome a customer should hope to achieve after purchasing your service?
The expected outcome a client can count on is the website they provided the vision for and a solution oriented company supporting them throughout the growth process.

Who are your biggest competitors in your industry?
Our competitors are other domain registrar, web hosting, email, security, and website building services. 

Describe how you became successful utilizing the information you coach?
I became successful through consistent development. I became a student of the Lean Six Sigma Methodologies, Business Infrastructure Frameworks, Business Development Strategies, and Digital Software Engineering. Ever since then I have been providing solutions that satisfy the needs of the customer and continue to be a valued added strategic partner. 

Detail what your products and/or services?
Domain Registration & Transfer
Web Hosting
Email Servoces
Security
WordPress Design, Development, and Management

How many customers have successfully purchased from you?
17

Who are your biggest competitors?
Wix
Square
Square Space
Blue Host

What are your current promotions or discounts you offer new customers?
None

What is your business slogan?
Building Beyond Boundaries 

Tell  your story, who are you? what are your greatest accomplishments? What kind of character do you possess? 
I am a technologist and aspiring business architect, ever since I was a kid I have always been interested in the anatomy of computers, software, and dreamed of running my own business one day. Completing Systems Migration for the Philadelphia International Airport, Creating Infrastructure and Supporting Global Market Penetration for Web and Mobile Software a J&J Life Sciences firm and Running and Operating a small digital solutions company are a few of my accomplishments.

Tell me about your target audience? ie: someone who works 9-5 has a family is african american and looking for a way to make passive income etc…
My Target audience is the transitioned entrepreneur from the corporate background too full-time entrepreneurship. They have a brick and mortar establishment and have an appreciation for their community.

Primary website colors?
Navy
Blue
White

What is your return policy?
Return Policy
https://www.secureserver.net/legal-agreement?id=19963&prog_id=575768&pl_id=575768&plid=575768

List 10 positive things I should know about your business… 
	1.	Affordable
	2.	Fastest
	3.	Professional
	4.	Immaculate
	5.	Patient
	6.	Informed
	7.	Prompt
	8.	Top Notch
	9.	Diligent
	10.	Amazing

